Energy firewall, currently being the seven G firewall is a quite complex set of rules that creates
a pretty strong firewall for your site is being published and maintained by Jeff Starr from perishable
press dot com.
It offers a complex protection against dangerous requests nor injection methods, bad bots, automated
attacks, spam and more.
It's very easy to implement.
Just download the package and copy the text file contents in your site's root HD Access file.
There is a possibility that part of your eyesight may stop working correctly.
Your own requests can be captured by the firewall.
In such case, try to debugging by selectively disabling the firewall rules and seeing if that makes
the site work.
For example, I often need to remove the words and code from the list of illegal words in string filter
because I use the component with the word and coder in its name, which gets blocked with certain requests.